BD-3961 Add troubleshooting items to Canvas Flow (#9027)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/ideas_and_strategies/launching_canvas_flow.md

## Troubleshooting

{% details Why are my users not receiving my Canvas messages? %}

> **Check user availabilty**
> - Make sure they meet your segmentation criteria.
> - Confirm their push subscription state is "subscribed" or "opted-in" **and** their **Push Enabled** status is set to "true". If you added these as Canvas entry rules, it's possible that the users were unsubscribed between entering your Canvas and receiving the Message step.
> - Confirm they match your Canvas send settings. (If users are "subscribed" but the settings are "Opted-in", users won't be enabled for the channel.)
> - If global frequency capping is enabled for your Canvas, check if your rules are limiting how many times each user can receive a message from a specific channel. 
> - If Quiet Hours are enabled, your message send time could be affected, meaning that your message may be sent at the next available time (when the Quiet Hours end) or cancelled entirely.
> 
> **Check user availablity for additional filters in your Canvas step**
> - Confirm that they performed the prerequisite custom event or purchase.
> - Check if there's a [race condition]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/race_conditions/), which impacts the messages users recieve if they triggered multiple actions at the same time.
> - Make sure there aren't specific filters in the step that could have blocked users from receiving the message.
> - Search for conflicts between different steps within the same Canvas. For example, users who didn't receive the message might be stopped by a filter that requires the completion of another step on a different branch.
> - Confirm that users meet additional validation rules.
> - Confirm that the Canvas step was connected to the preceeding step at the time of send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Check user availability**
- Make sure they meet your segmentation criteria.
- Confirm their push subscription state is "subscribed" or "opted-in" **and** their **Push Enabled** status is set to "true". If you added these as Canvas entry rules, it's possible that the users were unsubscribed between entering your Canvas and receiving the Message step.
- Confirm they match your Canvas send settings. (If users are "subscribed" but the settings are "Opted-in", users won't be enabled for the channel.)
- If global frequency capping is enabled for your Canvas, check if your rules are limiting how many times each user can receive a message from a specific channel. 
- If Quiet Hours are enabled, your message send time could be affected, meaning that your message may be sent at the next available time (when the Quiet Hours end) or cancelled entirely.

**Check user availability for additional filters in your Canvas step**
- Confirm that they performed the prerequisite custom event or purchase.
- Check if there's a [race condition]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/race_conditions/), which impacts the messages users receive if they trigger multiple actions at the same time.
- Make sure there aren't specific filters in the step that could have blocked users from receiving the message.
- Search for conflicts between different steps within the same Canvas. For example, users who didn't receive the message might be stopped by a filter that requires the completion of another step on a different branch.
- Confirm that users meet additional validation rules.
- Confirm that the Canvas step was connected to the preceding step at the time of send.
```
